Update setup.md (#9847)
celo-org/celo-monorepo: SETUP.md

### Common stuff

#### Install Go

We need Go for [celo-blockchain], the Go Celo implementation, and `gobind` to build Java language bindings to Go code for the Android Geth client).

Note: We currently use Go 1.13. [Install Go 1.13 manually](https://golang.org/dl/), then run

```
go get golang.org/x/mobile/cmd/gobind
```

Execute the following (and make sure the lines are in your `~/.bash_profile`):

```
export GOPATH=$HOME/go
export PATH=$PATH:$GOPATH/bin
```

> 

Reviewer: Hi @palango I realised I was mistaken in suggesting that the monorepo doesn't use go, it does for some of the end to end tests that it runs, because it builds celo-blockchain. Could you reinstate this section but just link to the celo-blockchain readme, for the instructions - https://github.com/celo-org/celo-blockchain#building-the-source

Author: Thanks for looking at this @piersy , I pushed the changes.

#### Install Go

We need Go for [celo-blockchain](https://github.com/celo-org/celo-blockchain), the Go Celo implementation, and `gobind` to build Java language bindings to Go code for the Android Geth client.

> For more information see the [celo-blockchain instructions](https://github.com/celo-org/celo-blockchain#building-the-source).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For go installation instructions see [celo-blockchain instructions](https://github.com/celo-org/celo-blockchain#building-the-source).

Once you have go installed run the following to install gobind

`go get golang.org/x/mobile/cmd/gobind`

```

Reviewer: The blockchain repo doesn't have instructions on installing gobind.
